#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-slim
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-support
array-record==0.5.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==23.2.0
    # via neural-structured-learning
audioread==3.0.1
    # via librosa
bleach==6.1.0
    # via kaggle
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via google-auth
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   sounddevice
    #   soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-datasets
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cython==3.0.9
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
dataclasses==0.6
    # via tf-models-official
decorator==5.1.1
    # via librosa
dm-tree==0.1.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
etils[enp,epath,epy]==1.5.2
    # via
    #   array-record
    #   tensorflow-datasets
filterpy==1.4.5
    # via sort-track
fire==0.5.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
flatbuffers==24.3.7
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-support
fsspec==2024.2.0
    # via etils
gast==0.5.4
    # via tensorflow
gin-config==0.5.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-api-core==2.17.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==2.121.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-auth==2.28.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==3.18.0
    # via tf-models-official
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.62.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpcio==1.62.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.10.0
    # via tensorflow
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.6
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.2
    # via markdown
importlib-resources==6.1.3
    # via etils
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
kaggle==1.6.6
    # via tf-models-official
keras==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow
librosa==0.8.1
    # via tflite-model-maker
llvmlite==0.36.0
    # via numba
lxml==5.1.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
markdown==3.5.2
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   filterpy
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
neural-structured-learning==1.4.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
numba==0.53.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   resampy
    #   tflite-model-maker
numpy==1.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   etils
    #   filterpy
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   resampy
    #   scann
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
    #   tflite-runtime
    #   tflite-support
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opencv-contrib-python==4.8.1.78
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python==4.8.1.78
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.8.1.78
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-models-official
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   librosa
    #   pooch
    #   tensorflow-addons
    #   tensorflowjs
pandas==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   tf-models-official
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via pooch
pooch==1.8.1
    # via librosa
promise==2.3
    # via tensorflow-datasets
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tflite-support
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   tensorflow-datasets
    #   tf-models-official
py-cpuinfo==9.0.0
    # via tf-models-official
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pybind11==2.11.1
    # via tflite-support
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via kaggle
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   kaggle
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-datasets
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
resampy==0.4.3
    # via librosa
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scann==1.2.6
    # via tflite-model-maker
scikit-learn==1.4.1.post1
    # via librosa
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   filterpy
    #   librosa
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sort-track
    #   tf-models-official
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   fire
    #   google-pasta
    #   kaggle
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   neural-structured-learning
    #   promise
    #   python-dateutil
    #   scann
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-model-optimization
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
sort-track==0.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
sounddevice==0.4.6
    # via tflite-support
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via librosa
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scann
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-addons==0.23.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-datasets==4.9.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-estimator==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-hub==0.12.0
    # via
    #   tensorflowjs
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.36.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.13.0
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tensorflow-model-optimization==0.8.0
    # via
    #   tf-models-official
    #   tflite-model-maker
tensorflowjs==3.18.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via
    #   fire
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tf-models-official==2.3.0
    # via tflite-model-maker
tf-slim==1.1.0
    # via tf-models-official
tflite-model-maker==0.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
tflite-runtime==2.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tflite-support==0.4.4
    # via tflite-model-maker
threadpoolctl==3.3.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via tensorflow-datasets
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   tensorflow-datasets
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via tensorflow-addons
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   tensorflow
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
    #   tflite-model-maker
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.42.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-datasets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   etils
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
